[Music]
[Applause]
first time of the Ellroy out you have
the option to stay in either California
or Nevada I always want to stay in
honeymoon suite
even though I'm not currently on my
honeymoon I got a job singing arena
tomorrow don't pay nothing but a thing
in this thing this is not a place for a
priest father you shouldn't be here it's
a little too quiet in there it gives me
the willies
just to pick to be true can't take my
[Music]
problem
you watch me I only want to they tell me
to watch his legs management do you
think you could just take this mind I
wouldn't come a hug no I figured you
would
[Music]
he lost father can I confess something
to you I'm not really a priest
it's a game it all starts with a simple
choice would you mind opening the door
which cider you want right wrong God or
no God red or black
horrible joke everybody happened to
get the whiskey
can't take my
[Music]